Update destination tester README (#60)
fivetran/fivetran_sdk: tools/destination-tester/README.md

#### --input-file
The tester by default reads all input files from local data folder and executes them in the alphabetical order they appear. You can specify a single input file to be read and executed using this option. Providing just the filename is sufficient.

#### --schema-name

> The tester by default creates `tester` named schema. This option allows the tester to run with different schema name.

Reviewer: @fivetran-abdulsalam Is the schema named `tester`, literally, or `tester` is used as a prefix or suffix, or the actual name is passed as a tester argument?

Author: It is literally `tester`

> The tester by default creates `tester` named schema. This option allows the tester to run with different schema name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tester by default creates a schema named `tester`. This option allows the tester to run with a custom schema name by specifying `--schema-name <custom_schema_name>` where `<custom_schema_name>` is your custom schema name. 
```

#### --disable-operation-delay

> The tester by default adds delay to operation for real time simulation, set this boolean to disable delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tester by default adds a delay to operation for real-time simulation. Specifying this argument disables the delay.
```

> The tester by default adds delay to operation for real time simulation, set this boolean to disable delay.

Reviewer: @fivetran-abdulsalam 
'--disable-operation-delay' - what is the syntax for setting this key to 'true'?
Or just specifying this key disables the delay?

Author: [@alexander.ilyichov](https://fivetran.slack.com/team/U01AUGQFYHK)
 just specifying this key will disable it.
e.g.
docker run --mount type=bind,source=<local-data-folder>,target=/data -a STDIN -a STDOUT -a STDERR -it -e WORKING_DIR=<local-data-folder> -e GRPC_HOSTNAME=host.docker.internal --network=host fivetrandocker/sdk-destination-tester:<version> --disable-operation-delay

> The tester by default delays operations to simulate a real sync. This boolean option tells the tester to not simulate a real sync.

Reviewer 2: The tester by default adds delay to operation for real time simulation,  set this boolean to disable delay.
